Docs 7421 restructure built in dashboards (#112)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/app-dashboards.adoc

[%header,cols="1,4"]
|===
| Built-In Dashboards | Charts
| <<overview-charts>> a|

* Inbound - Total Requests by Response Type
* Inbound - Average Response Time

> * Mule messages

Author: ```suggestion
* Mule Messages
```

[%header,cols="1,4"]
|===
| Built-In Dashboards | Charts
| <<overview-charts>> a|

* Inbound - Total Requests by Response Type
* Inbound - Average Response Time
* Mule Messages
* Outbound - Total Requests by Response Type
* Outbound - Average Response Time

> * JVM - CPU utilization

Reviewer: UX displays the title as "JVM - CPU % Utilization"

Reviewer: @myuin-ms: do we update the UX or the doc for this title?

Author: ```suggestion
* JVM - CPU % Utilization
```

> * JVM - Heap memory utilization

Reviewer: UX displays "JVM - Heap Used"

@myuin-ms: do we update the doc or the UX for this one?

Author: ```suggestion
* JVM - Heap Used
```

* JVM - Thread count

| <<inbound-charts>> a|

* Total Inbound Requests by Response Type
* Average Response Time
* Response Time by Endpoint
* Total Requests by Endpoint
* Response Time graphs (99, 90, 75, and 50 percentile)
* Maximum Response Time

> * Total Failed Inbound Requests

Reviewer: @myuin-ms UX title is "Failure Total Request Count". Should probably change the UX title to match this doc title.

> * Slow Request Count by Endpoint

Reviewer: This title should be "Slow Response Time".  See column F, Row 24 here:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Q0-vxfI43cjxew98xucw32P0dNz0tfKnnKDlyPdTSQY/edit#gid=0

@myuin-ms same change required for UX.

> * Slow Request Count by Endpoint

Author: ```suggestion
* Total Slow Requests by Endpoint
```

* Inbound - Maximum Response Time
* Inbound Protocol (Titanium only)

> * Inbound Endpoint (Titanium only)

Reviewer: Are we to use "Inbound - xyz" in this doc consistently?  All charts on the "Inbound" tab has "Inbound - " as a prefix to the title. 

If we decide not to use the "Inbound - " prefix here, then the last 3 chart title should just be "Maximum Response Time", "Protocols", and "Endpoints" (UX are using plural for protocols and endpoints)

Author: I think we should use it as a prefix.

[NOTE]
Inbound metrics are retained for 24 hours.

//* Total Inbound Calls (success or failure)
//* Total Inbound by Endpoint Outbound
//* Average Response Time inbound
| <<outbound-charts>> a|

* Total Outbound Requests by Response Type
* Average Response Time

> * Average Response Time by HTTP Endpoint

Reviewer: @myuin-ms UX title needs update to "Average Response Time by HTTP Endpoint".

* Total Requests by HTTP Endpoint
* Response Time graphs (99, 90, 75, and 50 percentile outbound)

> * Total Failed Outbound Requests

Reviewer: @myuin-ms UX title needs update to "Total Failed Outbound Requests"

[%header,cols="1,4"]
|===
| Built-In Dashboards | Charts

> | <<overview-charts>> a|

Reviewer 2: For "Inbound - Mule messages", take out "Inbound", and just use "Mule messages".

* JVM - Heap memory utilization
* JVM - Thread count

| <<inbound-charts>> a|

* Total Inbound Requests by Response Type
* Average Response Time

> * Average Response Time by Endpoint

Reviewer 2: This is no longer just "Average" Response Time by Endpoint. We have min / max / avg in this table. So maybe just take out the word "Average".

Author: ```suggestion
* Response Time by Endpoint
```

* Total Requests by Endpoint

> * Response Time graphs (99, 90, 75, and 50 percentile inbound)

Reviewer 2: Is the word "inbound" here redundant?

Author: ```suggestion
* Response Time graphs (99, 90, 75, and 50 percentile)
```

* Maximum Response Time

> * Total Failed Inbound Requests

Author: Redundant?

> * Slow Request Count by Endpoint

Reviewer 2: I think there's a chart skipped after "slow request...". There should be "Inbound - Maximum Response Time"

Author: ```suggestion
* Slow Request Count by Endpoint
* Inbound - Maximum Response Time
```

* Inbound Protocol (Titanium only)
* Inbound Endpoint (Titanium only)

[NOTE]
Inbound metrics are retained for 24 hours.

//* Total Inbound Calls (success or failure)
//* Total Inbound by Endpoint Outbound
//* Average Response Time inbound
| <<outbound-charts>> a|

* Total Outbound Requests by Response Type
* Average Response Time

> * Average Response Time grouped by HTTP endpoint outbound (only HTTP endpoints are shown)

Reviewer 2: This should be "Average Response Time by HTTP endpoint" - We are filtering by HTTP endpoint, not grouped by.

Author: ```suggestion
* Average Response Time by HTTP Endpoint
```

> * Total Requests grouped by HTTP endpoint (only HTTP endpoints are shown)

Reviewer 2: Same comment as the above. You can say "Total Requests by HTTP endpoint".

Author: ```suggestion
* Total Requests by HTTP Endpoint
```

* Outbound Operations
* Outbound Protocol
* Outbound Endpoints
| <<flows-charts>> a|

* Inbound Response Time by Flow
* Outbound Response Time by Flow

> * Inbound Request Volume by Flow

Reviewer 2: Take out "Volume".

Author: ```suggestion
* Inbound Request by Flow
```

> * Outbound Request Volume by Flow

Reviewer 2: take out "Volume".

Author: ```suggestion
* Outbound Request by Flow
```

The average response time of the 99, 90, 75, and 50 percentiles of outbound requests, grouped by application in automatic intervals. The unit for these metrics is milliseconds (ms).

Outbound - Failure Total Request Count::
The sum of failed outbound requests, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals.

Outbound - Ports::
The sum of outbound remote port, grouped by endpoint in automatic intervals.

// ports?

Outbound - Operations::
The sum of outbound requests, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

Outbound - Protocols::
The sum of outbound requests, grouped by protocol in automatic intervals.

Outbound - Endpoints::
The sum of outbound requests, grouped by remote hosts (endpoints) in automatic intervals.

[[flows-charts]]
== Flows

The following charts appear on the *Flows* dashboard:

Inbound Response Time by Flow::
The average inbound response time, grouped by flow.

Outbound Response Time by Flow::
The average outbound response time, grouped by flow.

Inbound Request Volume by Flow::
The average number of inbound requests, grouped by flow.

Outbound Request Volume by Flow::
The average number of outbound requests, grouped by flow.

Failures by Flow::

> The average number of failed inbound requests, grouped by flow.

Author: ```suggestion
The sum of failed inbound requests, grouped by flow.
```

* Outbound Operations
* Outbound Protocol

> * Outbound Endpoints

Reviewer: Are we consistent here with the use of "Outbound - " prefix?

There are 4 charts: Ports, Operations, Protocols, and Endpoints

"Ports" is missing here.

Author: ```suggestion
* Outbound Endpoints
* Outbound Ports
```

| <<flows-charts>> a|

* Inbound Response Time by Flow
* Outbound Response Time by Flow

> * Inbound Request by Flow

Reviewer: Should request be plural here?  In other chart title, we use plural, such as "Slow Inbound Requests by Flow"

@myuin-ms UX title needs update.

Author: ```suggestion
* Inbound Requests by Flow
```

> * Outbound Request by Flow

Reviewer: Should request be plural here?  In other chart title, we use plural, such as "Slow Inbound Requests by Flow"

@myuin-ms UX title needs update

Author: ```suggestion
* Outbound Requests by Flow
```

* Failures by Flow
* Slow Inbound Requests by Flow
* Slow Outbound Requests by Flow
* Inbound Response Time by Flow
* Outbound Response Time by Flow

> * Inbound Request Volume by Flow

Reviewer: @myuin-ms Is this the same data as above "Inbound Requests by Flow", but shown as a table?  If so, update the title to match above.

Author: ```suggestion
* Inbound Requests by Flow
```

> * Outbound Request Volume by Flow

Reviewer: Looks like the same as above "Outbound Requests by Flow", just shown as a table rather than a chart.  If so, update the title to match.

@myuin-ms FYI:

Author: ```suggestion
* Outbound Requests by Flow
```

* Failures by Flow
* Slow Inbound Requests by Flow
* Slow Outbound Requests by Flow

If you don't see the *Flows* tab, verify that you are using Unified Agent and have a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform.
| <<connectors-charts>> a|

> Connector Message Volume

Reviewer: Missing a ***** ?

Author: ```suggestion
* Connector Message Volume
```

* Response Time by Connector
* Salesforce Requests
* Salesforce Response Time
* Salesforce Failures
* Database Requests
* Database Response Time
* Database Failures
* HTTP Requests
* HTTP Response Time
* HTTP Failures
* Web Services Requests
* Web Services Response Time
* Web Services Failures
* FTP Requests
* FTP Response Time
* FTP Failures
* SFTP Requests
* SFTP Response Time
* SFTP Failures
* SMTP Requests
* SMTP Response Time
* SMTP Failures
* Object Store Requests
* Object Store Response Time
* Object Store Failures
* Anypoint MQ Operations - Inbound
* Anypoint MQ Response Time - Inbound
* Anypoint MQ Failures - Inbound
* Anypoint MQ Operations - Outbound
* Anypoint MQ Response Time - Outbound
* Anypoint MQ Failures - Outbound

> * Other Connector Requests

Reviewer: @myuin-ms what are these "Other" connector requests/response/failures?  Should remove these if we cannot say what these are.

* Other Connector Response Time
* Other Connector Failures

If you don't see the *Connectors* tab, verify that you have a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform and that the app you selected is a hybrid app deployed to a server, server group, or cluster. See xref:monitor-connectors.adoc[Monitor Connectors].
| <<performance-charts>>* a|

> * Average Response Time - Inbound

Reviewer: UX title is "Inbound - Average Response Time" with "Inbound - " as the prefix not suffix.

Author: ```suggestion
* Inbound - Average Response Time
```

> * Average Response Time Grouped by Endpoint - Inbound

Reviewer: UX uses "Inbound - " prefix, not " - Inbound" suffix.

Author: ```suggestion
* Inbound - Average Response Time Grouped by Endpoint
```

> * Mule Messages

Reviewer: @myuin-ms UX needs update title

> * Response Time graphs (99, 90, 75, and 50 percentile) - Inbound

Reviewer: UX title is "Inbound - Response Time - ## Percentile"

Author: ```suggestion
* Inbound - Response Time graphs (99, 90, 75, and 50 Percentile) - Inbound
```

> * Response Time graphs (99, 90, 75, and 50 percentile) - Inbound

Reviewer: Also missing "Inbound - Response Time by Endpoint"

> * Average Response Time  - Outbound

Reviewer: UX uses "Outbound - " prefix, not " - Outbound" suffix.

Author: ```suggestion
* Outbound - Average Response Time
```

> * Average Response Time Grouped by Endpoint - Outbound

Reviewer: UX uses "Outbound - " prefix, not " - Outbound" suffix.

> * Average Response Time Grouped by Endpoint - Outbound

Reviewer: Also missing "Outbound - Response Time by HTTP Endpoint", a table with endpoint and Avg/Min/Max

> * Response Time graphs (99, 90, 75, and 50 percentile) - Outbound

Reviewer: UX uses "Outbound - " prefix

Author: ```suggestion
* Outbound - Response Time graphs (99, 90, 75, and 50 Percentile)
```

| <<failures-charts>> a|

> * Total Failed Inbound Requests

Reviewer: @myuin-ms UX needs title update.

> * Total Failed Outbound Requests

Reviewer: @myuin-ms UX needs title update.

> * All Inbound Requests Grouped by Response Type

Reviewer: Inbound - Total Requests by Response Type

Author: ```suggestion
* Inbound - Total Requests by Response Type
```

> * All Outbound Requests Grouped by Response Type

Reviewer: Outbound - Total Requests by Response Type

> * Failed Inbound Requests: Response Time by Endpoint

Reviewer: Inbound - Failure Response Time by Endpoint

Author: ```suggestion
* Inbound - Failure Response Time by Endpoint
```

> * Total Failed Inbound Requests Grouped by Endpoint

Reviewer: Inbound - Total Failed Requestsby Endpoint

@myuin-ms UX needs title update also

Author: ```suggestion
* Inbound - Total Failed Requests by Endpoint
```

> * Failed Outbound Requests: Response Time by HTTP Endpoint

Reviewer: Outbound - Failure Response Time by HTTP Endpoint

Author: ```suggestion
* Outbound - Failure Response Time by HTTP Endpoint
```

> * Total Failed Outbound Requests Grouped by HTTP Endpoint

Reviewer: Outbound - Total Failed Requests by HTTP Endpoint

@myuin-ms UX title needs update also

Author: ```suggestion
* Outbound - Total Failed Requests by HTTP Endpoint
```

| <<jvm-charts>> a|

* Garbage Collection Count 
* Garbage collection Time

> * Par new Collection Count

Reviewer: Change to ParNew

Author: ```suggestion
* ParNew Collection Count
```

> * Par new collection Time

Reviewer: Change to ParNew

* Classes (Loaded, Loaded Total, Unloaded)
* Heap (Committed, Used)

> * Thread Count

Reviewer: UX title is "Thread Count - Server"

* JVM Uptime
* Par Eden graphs (Used, Max, Init, and Committed)
* Par Survivor graphs (Used, Max, Init, and Committed)
* Metaspace graphs (Used, Max, Init, Committed)
* Code Cache graphs (Used, Max, Init, Committed)
* Compressed Class Space graphs (Used, Max, Init, Committed)
* Committed Virtual Memory
| <<infrastructure-charts>> a|

> * Application Process CPU Load

Reviewer: @myuin-ms UX needs to fix this chart to: https://www.mulesoft.org/jira/browse/MONITORING-3893?filter=-2

> * Application Process CPU Minutes

Reviewer: JVM CPU Time

@myuin-ms UX title and axis scaling change: https://www.mulesoft.org/jira/browse/MONITORING-3892?filter=-2

* Operating System Swap Space

> * CPU Utilization %

Reviewer: JVM - CPU % Utilization

Author: ```suggestion
* JVM - CPU % Utilization
```

> * Memory Utilization

Reviewer: JVM - Heap Used

> * Total System Processors:

Reviewer: Remove :  ?

Author: ```suggestion
* Total System Processors
```

* Total System Memory

> * System Memory

Reviewer: Total System Memory

Author: ```suggestion
```

> * Thread Count - Server

Reviewer: JVM Thread Count

@myuin-ms UX to remove " - Server" part.

Author: ```suggestion
* JVM Thread Count
```

| <<custom-metrics-charts>> a|

The *Custom metrics* tab displays only if you have a Titanium subscription and select an app running on a supported version of Mule. See xref:anypoint-custom-metrics-connector.adoc[Anypoint Custom Metrics Connector].
|===

[[overview-charts]]
== Overview

The following charts appear on the *Overview* dashboard:

Inbound - Total Requests by Response Type::
The sum of inbound requests, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals. Responses are OK or Failed. If a Mule app has more than one connector type, all types are included in this metric.

Inbound - Average Response Time::

> The average response time of inbound requests, grouped by application in automatic intervals. If a Mule app has more than one connector type, all types are included in this metric.

Reviewer: Remove grouped by application.  There is only 1 application here.

Author: ```suggestion
The average response time of inbound requests, grouped in automatic intervals. If a Mule app has more than one connector type, all types are included in this metric.
```

Mule Messages::

> The sum of Mule messages that are processed successfully, grouped by application.

Reviewer: Remove "grouped by application". This dashboard is for a single application only.

> The sum of Mule messages that are processed successfully, grouped by application.

Reviewer: ... in automatic intervals.

Outbound - Total Requests by Response Type::
The sum of outbound requests, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals. Responses are OK or Failed. If a Mule app has more than one connector type, all types are included in this metric.

Outbound - Average Response Time::

> The average response time of outbound requests, grouped by application in automatic intervals. If a Mule app has more than one connector type, all types are included in this metric.

Reviewer: Remove grouped by application because there is only 1 application here

Author: ```suggestion
The average response time of outbound requests, grouped in automatic intervals. If a Mule app has more than one connector type, all types are included in this metric.
```

> JVM - CPU utilization::

Reviewer: JVM - CPU % Utilization

Author: ```suggestion
JVM - CPU % Utilization::
```

> JVM - CPU utilization::

Reviewer: JVM - CPU % Utilization

The average percentage of CPU utilized by the JVM, grouped by worker in automatic intervals. The JVM used in this chart is the Mule runtime JVM process. The calculation for CPU utilization is relative to the physical server on which the Mule runtime is deployed. For example, in RTF, the resource usage here indicates the the JVM's utilization with respect to the entire server, and not with respect to the Pod maximum CPU allocation.

> JVM - Heap memory utilization::

Reviewer: JVM - Heap Used

Author: ```suggestion
JVM - Heap Used::
```

The average amount of heap memory utilized by the JVM, grouped by worker in automatic intervals. The JVM used in this chart is the Mule runtime JVM process.

> JVM - Thread count::

Reviewer: Capitalize "count"?

The average number of threads of the JVM, grouped by worker in automatic intervals. The JVM used in this chart is the Mule runtime JVM process.

[[inbound-charts]]
== Inbound

Inbound metrics are retained for 24 hours.
The following charts appear on the *Inbound* dashboard:

Inbound - Total Requests by Response Type::
The sum of inbound requests, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals. Responses are OK or Failed. If a Mule app has more than one connector type, all types are included in this metric.

Inbound - Average Response Time::

> The average response time of inbound requests, grouped by application in automatic intervals. If a Mule app has more than one connector type, all types are included in this metric.

Reviewer: remove grouped by application

Author: ```suggestion
The average response time of inbound requests, grouped in automatic intervals. If a Mule app has more than one connector type, all types are included in this metric.
```

Inbound - Response Time by Endpoint::
The average, maximum, and minimum and total response time, grouped by endpoint.
* Average: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 600ms.
* Maximum: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 500ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 500ms.
* Minimum: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 600ms.

Inbound - Total Requests by Endpoint::
The sum of inbound requests in the period, grouped by endpoint.

> Response Time graphs (99, 90, 75, and 50 percentile inbound)::

Reviewer: Inbound - Response Time graphs

"Inbound -" prefix.

Author: ```suggestion
Inbound - Response Time graphs (99, 90, 75, and 50 Percentile)::
```

> The average response time of the 99, 90, 75, and 50 percentiles of inbound requests, grouped by application in automatic intervals. The unit for these metrics is milliseconds (ms).

Reviewer: remove grouped by application

Inbound - Maximum Response Time::
The maximum response time, grouped by endpoint in automatic intervals.

> Inbound - Failure Total Request Count::

Reviewer: Inbound - Total Failed Requests

Author: ```suggestion
Inbound - Total Failed Requests::
```

The sum of failed inbound requests, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals.

> Slow Request Times::

Reviewer: Inbound - Slow Request Time by Endpoint

Author: ```suggestion
Inbound - Total Slow Requests by Endpoint::
```

> The average of response times that are largest than 1 second, grouped by endpoint in automatic intervals. The sum of total calls in which the response time is greater than 1000 ms.

Reviewer: The sum of inbound requests whose response time is greater than 1 second, grouped by ...

Author: ```suggestion
The sum of inbound requests whose response time is greater than 1 second, grouped by endpoint in automatic intervals. The sum of total calls in which the response time is greater than 1000 ms.
```

The following charts are available only if you are using Unified Agent and have a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform:

> Inbound Protocol::

Reviewer: Inbound - Protocols

Author: ```suggestion
Inbound - Protocols::
```

The sum of inbound requests, grouped by protocol in automatic intervals.

> Inbound Endpoint::

Reviewer: Inbound - Endpoints

Author: ```suggestion
Inbound - Endpoints::
```

The sum of inbound requests, grouped by remote hosts (endpoints) in automatic intervals.

[[outbound-charts]]
== Outbound

The following charts appear on the *Outbound* dashboard:

Outbound - Total Requests by Response Type::

> The sum of outbound requests, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals. Responses are OK or Failed. If a Mule app has more than one connector type, all types are included in this metric.

Reviewer: Response types are OK for Failed.

Outbound - Response Time by HTTP Endpoint::
The average, maximum, and minimum and total response time, grouped by endpoint.
* Average: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 600ms.
* Maximum: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 500ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 500ms.
* Minimum: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 600ms.

Outbound - Total Requests by HTTP Endpoint::
The sum of outbound requests in the period, grouped by endpoint.

Outbound - Response Time (99, 90, 75, and 50 percentile)::
The average response time of the 99, 90, 75, and 50 percentiles of outbound requests, grouped by application in automatic intervals. The unit for these metrics is milliseconds (ms).

Outbound - Failure Total Request Count::
The sum of failed outbound requests, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals.

Outbound - Ports::

> The sum of outbound remote port, grouped by endpoint in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: The sum of outbound requests, grouped by remote port in automatic ...

// ports?

Outbound - Operations::
The sum of outbound requests, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

Outbound - Protocols::
The sum of outbound requests, grouped by protocol in automatic intervals.

Outbound - Endpoints::
The sum of outbound requests, grouped by remote hosts (endpoints) in automatic intervals.

[[flows-charts]]
== Flows

The following charts appear on the *Flows* dashboard:

Inbound Response Time by Flow::
The average inbound response time, grouped by flow.

Outbound Response Time by Flow::
The average outbound response time, grouped by flow.

> Inbound Request Volume by Flow::

Reviewer: Inbound Requests by Flow

Author: ```suggestion
Inbound Requests by Flow::
```

> The average number of inbound requests, grouped by flow.

Reviewer: The sum of ...

Author: ```suggestion
The sum of inbound requests, grouped by flow.
```

> Outbound Request Volume by Flow::

Reviewer: Outbound Requests by Flow

Author: ```suggestion
Outbound Requests by Flow::
```

> The average number of outbound requests, grouped by flow.

Reviewer: The sum of ...

> Failures by Flow::

Reviewer: The sum of ...

The average number of failed inbound requests, grouped by flow.
//tbd?

Slow Inbound Requests by Flow::

> The average number of inbound requests whose response time is greater than 1000 ms, grouped by flow.

Reviewer: The sum of ...

Author: ```suggestion
The sum of inbound requests whose response time is greater than 1000 ms, grouped by flow.
```

Slow Outbound Requests by Flow::

> The average number of outbound requests whose response time is greater than 1000 ms, grouped by flow.

Reviewer: The sum of outbound requests whose ...

Author: ```suggestion
The sum of outbound requests whose response time is greater than 1000 ms, grouped by flow.
```

Inbound Response Time by Flow::
The average, minimum, and maximum inbound response time, grouped by flow.

Outbound Response Time by Flow::
The average, minimum, and maximum outbound response time, grouped by flow.

Inbound Requests by Flow::

> The average number of inbound requests, grouped by flow.

Reviewer: The sum of ...

Author: ```suggestion
The sum of inbound requests, grouped by flow.
```

Outbound Requests by Flow::

> The average number of outbound requests, grouped by flow.

Reviewer: The sum of ...

Author: ```suggestion
The sum of outbound requests, grouped by flow.
```

Failures by Flow::

> The average number of inbound failed requests, grouped by flow.

Reviewer: The sum of ...

Author: ```suggestion
The sum of inbound failed requests, grouped by flow.
```

//tbd?

Slow Inbound Requests by Flow::

> The average number of inbound requests whose response time is greater than 1000 ms, grouped by flow.

Reviewer: The sum of ...

Author: ```suggestion
The sum of inbound requests whose response time is greater than 1000 ms, grouped by flow.
```

Slow Outbound Requests by Flow::

> The average number of outbound requests whose response time is greater than 1000 ms, grouped by flow.

Reviewer: The sum of ...

[[connectors-charts]]
== Connectors

If you don't see the *Connectors* tab, verify that you have a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform and that the app you selected is a hybrid app deployed to a server, server group, or cluster. See xref:monitor-connectors.adoc[Monitor Connectors].

The following charts appear on the *Connectors* dashboard:

> Connector Message Volume::

Reviewer: Total Connector Requests

Author: ```suggestion
Total Connector Requests::
```

> The sum of outbound messages and outbound requests grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: The sum of outbound requests grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

Author: ```suggestion
The sum of outbound requests grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.
```

Response Time by Connector::
The average outbound response time grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

Salesforce Requests::
The average number of Salesforce connector requests, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

Salesforce Response Time::

> The average response time of Saleforce connector requests, grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

Author: ```suggestion
The average response time of Saleforce connector requests, grouped in automatic intervals.
```

Salesforce Failures::
The average number of Salesforce connector requests failures, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

Database Requests::
The average number of Database connector requests, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

Database Response Time::

> The average response time of Database connector requests, grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

Author: ```suggestion
The average response time of Database connector requests, grouped in automatic intervals.
```

Database Failures::
The average number of Database connector requests failures, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

HTTP Requests::
The average number of HTTP connector requests, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

HTTP Response Time::

> The average response time of HTTP connector requests, grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: remove grouped by.

Author: ```suggestion
The average response time of HTTP connector requests, grouped in automatic intervals.
```

HTTP Failures::
The average number of HTTP connector requests failures, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

Web Services Requests::
The average number of Web Services connector requests, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

Web Services Response Time::

> The average number of Web Services connector request failures, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: remove grouped by.  This is not grouped by operation.

Author: ```suggestion
The average number of Web Services connector request failures, grouped in automatic intervals.
```

Web Services Failures::
The average response time of Web Services connector requests, grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

FTP Requests::
The average number of FTP connector requests, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

FTP Response Time::

> The average response time of FTP connector requests, grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: remove grouped by.

FTP Failures::
The average number of FTP connector request failures, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

SFTP Requests::
The average number of SFTP connector requests, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

SFTP Response Time::

> The average response time of SFTP connector requests, grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: remove grouped by.

SFTP Failures::
The average number of SFTP connector request failures, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

SMTP Requests::
The average number of SMTP connector requests, grouped by operation in automatic intervals.

SMTP Response Time::

> The average response time of SMTP connector requests, grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: remove grouped by.

Object Store Requests::
The average response time of Object Store connector requests, grouped by operation and automatic intervals.

Object Store Response Time::
The average number of Object Store connector request failures, grouped by operation and automatic intervals.

Object Store Failures::
The average number of Anypoint MQ connector inbound requests, grouped by operation and automatic intervals.

Anypoint MQ Operations - Inbound::
The average response time of Anypoint MQ connector inbound requests, grouped by operation and automatic intervals.

Anypoint MQ Response Time - Inbound::
The average number of Anypoint MQ connector inbound request failures, grouped by operation and automatic intervals.

Anypoint MQ Failures - Inbound::
The average number of Anypoint MQ connector outbound requests, grouped by operation and automatic intervals.

Anypoint MQ Operations - Outbound::
The average response time of Anypoint MQ connector outbound requests, grouped by operation and automatic intervals.

Anypoint MQ Response Time - Outbound::
The average number of Anypoint MQ connector outbound request failures, grouped by operation and automatic intervals.

Anypoint MQ Failures - Outbound::

> The average number of requests of connectors of type other, grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: grouped by operation

Other Connector Requests::

> The average number of requests of connectors of type other, grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: remove grouped by

@myuin-ms we should remove this chart.

Author: ```suggestion
The average number of requests of connectors of type other, grouped in automatic intervals.
```

Other Connector Response Time::

> The average response time of requests for connectors of type other, grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: remove grouped by

@myuin-ms we should remove this chart.

Other Connector Failures::

> The average number of requests failures of connectors of type other, grouped by connector type in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: remove grouped by

@myuin-ms we should remove this chart.

Author: ```suggestion
The average number of requests failures of connectors of type other, grouped in automatic intervals.
```

[[performance-charts]]
== Performance

The following charts appear on the *Performance* dashboard:

> Average Response Time - Inbound::

Reviewer: Inbound - Average Response Time

Author: ```suggestion
Inbound - Average Response Time::
```

> The average response time of inbound requests, grouped by application in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: remove grouped by application.

> Average Response Time Grouped by Endpoint - Inbound::

Reviewer: Inbound - Response Time by Endpoint

The average, maximum, and minimum response times, grouped by endpoint. Cells will vary in color according to the following thresholds:
* Average: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 600ms.
* Maximum: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 500ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 500ms.
* Minimum: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 600ms.

Mule Messages::

> The number of Mule Messages processed in the runtime, grouped by application in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: remove grouped by application

Author: ```suggestion
The number of Mule Messages processed in the runtime, grouped in automatic intervals.
```

Response Time graphs: 99, 90, 75, and 50 percentile - Inbound::
The response time of the 99th, 90th, 75th, and 50th percentile of inbound requests, grouped by application in automatic intervals.

> Average Response Time  - Outbound::

Reviewer: Outbound - Average Response Time

Author: ```suggestion
Outbound - Average Response Time::
```

> The average response time of outbound requests, grouped by application in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: Remove group by

> Average Response Time Grouped by HTTP Endpoint - Outbound::

Reviewer: Outbound - Response Time by Endpoint

Author: ```suggestion
Outbound - Average Response Time Grouped by HTTP Endpoint::
```

The average, maximum, and minimum response times, grouped by endpoint. Cells will vary in color according to the following thresholds:
* Average: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 600ms.
* Maximum: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 500ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 500ms.
* Minimum: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 600ms.

> Response Time graphs: 99, 90, 75, and 50 percentile - Outbound::

Reviewer: Outbound - Response Time ...

> The response time of the 99th, 90th, 75th, and 50th percentile of outbound requests, grouped by application in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: remove grouped by application

[[failures-charts]]
== Failures

The following charts appear on the *Failures* dashboard:

Total Failed Inbound Requests::

> The sum of failed inbound requests in the period, grouped by application in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: remove grouped by application

Author: ```suggestion
The sum of failed inbound requests in the period, grouped in automatic intervals.
```

Total Failed Outbound Requests::

> The sum of failed outbound requests in the period, grouped by application in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: remove grouped by application

Author: ```suggestion
The sum of failed outbound requests in the period, grouped in automatic intervals.
```

> Total Inbound Requests by Response Type::

Reviewer: Inbound - Total Requests by Response Type

Author: ```suggestion
Inbound - Total Requests by Response Type::
```

The sum of inbound requests, grouped by type of response and automatic interval.

> Total Outbound Requests by Response Type::

Reviewer: Outbound - Total Requests by Response Type

Author: ```suggestion
Outbound - Total Requests by Response Type::
```

The sum of inbound requests, grouped by type of response and automatic interval.

> Failed Inbound Requests: Response Time by Endpoint::

Reviewer: Inbound - Failure Response Time by Endpoint

The average, maximum, and minimum response times of failed inbound requests, grouped by endpoint. Cells will vary in color according to the following thresholds:
* Average: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 600ms.
* Maximum: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 500ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 500ms.
* Minimum: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 600ms.

> Total Failed Inbound Requests by Endpoint::

Reviewer: Inbound - Total Failed Requests by Endpoint

The sum of failed inbound requests, grouped by endpoint.

> Failed Outbound Requests: Response Time by HTTP endpoint::

Reviewer: Outbound - Failure Response Time by HTTP Endpoint

The average, maximum, and minimum response times of failed outbound requests, grouped by endpoint. Cells will vary in color according to the following thresholds:
* Average: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 600ms.
* Maximum: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 500ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 500ms.
* Minimum: Green if the response time is less than 300ms; yellow if the response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if the response time is greater than or equal to 600ms.

> Total Failed Outbound Requests by HTTP Endpoint::

Reviewer: Outbound - Total Failed Requests by HTTP Endpoint

Author: ```suggestion
Outbound - Total Failed Requests by HTTP Endpoint::
```

The sum of failed outbound requests, grouped by endpoint.

[[jvm-charts]]
== JVM

The following charts appear on the *JVM* dashboard:

Garbage Collection Count::

> The number of collections that have occurred, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: The number of garbage collections ...

Author: ```suggestion
The average number of collections that have occurred, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

Garbage Collection Time::

> The approximate accumulated collection elapsed time in milliseconds, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: ... JVM garbage collection ...

Remove "in milliseconds". Time axis is automatic.

Author: ```suggestion
The average amount of JVM garbage collection time, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

> Par New Collection Count::

Reviewer: Change to ParNew

> The number of collections for Parnew GC, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: Change to ParNew

Author: ```suggestion
The average number of ParNew garbage collections grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

> Par New Collection Time::

Reviewer: ParNew

Author: ```suggestion
ParNew Collection Time::
```

> The approximate accumulated Parnew collection elapsed time in milliseconds, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: ... ParNew garbage collection ...

Remove "in milliseconds" 
Remove "grouped by"

Author: ```suggestion
The average amount of ParNew garbage collection time, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

Classes Loaded::

> The number of currently loaded classes, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: Remove grouped by.

Author: ```suggestion
The average number of loaded classes, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

Classes Loaded Total::

> The number of classes loaded since JVM start, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: Remove grouped by

Author: ```suggestion
The number of classes loaded since JVM start, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

> Classes Unloaded::

Reviewer: Remove grouped by

> The number of classes unloaded since JVM start, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: Remove grouped by

Author: ```suggestion
The average number of classes unloaded since JVM start, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

Heap Committed::

> The amount of heap memory committed by the JVM, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: Remove grouped by

Heap Used::

> The amount of heap memory utilized by the JVM, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: Remove grouped by

Thread Count::

> The number of simultaneous requests.

Reviewer: The average number of threads of the JVM, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.

Author: ```suggestion
The average number of threads of the JVM, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

JVM Uptime::

> The time since JVM started, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals.

Reviewer: ... grouped by worker ...

Par Eden graphs (Used, Max, Init, and Committed)::

> The usage metrics for “Eden Space” JVM Memory, grouped by type of response in automatic intervals.

Author: ```suggestion
The memory metrics for JVM Par Eden space, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

Par Survivor graphs (Used, Max, Init, and Committed)::

> The usage metrics for the Par Eden Space pool.

Reviewer: ... grouped by worker in automatic intervals.

Author: ```suggestion
The memory metrics for JVM Par Survivor space, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

Metaspace graphs (Used, Max, Init, Committed)::

> The usage metrics for Java memory space.

Reviewer: ... grouped by worker in automatic intervals.

Author: ```suggestion
The memory metrics for JVM metaspace, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

Code Cache graphs (Used, Max, Init, Committed)::

> The usage metrics for the Code Cache pool.

Author: ```suggestion
The memory metrics for JVM code cache, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

Compressed Class Space graphs (Used, Max, Init, Committed)::

> The usage metrics for values of the metadata for compressed class pointers.

Reviewer: The memory metrics for JVM compressed class grouped by worker in automatic intervals.

Author: ```suggestion
The memory metrics for JVM compressed class grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

Committed Virtual Memory::

> The amount of virtual memory guaranteed to be available to the running process.

Reviewer: ... grouped by worker in automatic intervals.

Author: ```suggestion
The amount of virtual memory guaranteed to be available to the running process, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.
```

[[infrastructure-charts]]
== Infrastructure

The following charts appear on the *Infrastructure* dashboard:

Application Process CPU Load::
The amount of CPU load the JVM uses.

JVM CPU Time::
The cumulative CPU time consumed by the JVM.

Operating System Swap Space::
The amount of memory the system is swapping, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.

> CPU Utilization %::

Reviewer: JVM - CPU % Utilization

Author: ```suggestion
JVM - CPU % Utilization::
```

> The percentage of CPU used by each worker over time.

Author: ```suggestion
The average percentage of CPU utilized by the JVM, grouped by worker in automatic intervals. The JVM used in this chart is the Mule runtime JVM process. The calculation for CPU utilization is relative to the physical server on which the Mule runtime is deployed. For example, in RTF, the resource usage here indicates the JVM's utilization with respect to the entire server and not with respect to the Pod maximum CPU allocation.
```

> Memory Utilization::

Author: ```suggestion
JVM - Heap Used::
```

> The amount of memory used by each worker over time.

Author: ```suggestion
The average amount of heap memory utilized by the JVM, grouped by worker in automatic intervals. The JVM used in this chart is the Mule runtime JVM process.
```

Total System Processors::

> The number of system processors for workers available over time.

Reviewer: The number of processors available to the Java virtual machine for each worker.

Author: ```suggestion
The number of CPU processors available to the Java virtual machine for each worker.
```

Total System Memory::

> The amount of system memory available for workers over time. If you have a Titanium subscription and the selected application is hybrid, this graph changes to *System Memory*.

Reviewer: Remove the "If ...."  Titanium users are seeing "Total System Memory"

Author: ```suggestion
The amount of system memory available for workers over time. 
```

> System Memory::

Reviewer: I don't see this graph and I am a Titanium user.  Remove this.

The total free system memory per worker. This graph appears only if you have a Titanium subscription and the selected application is hybrid.

> Thread Count - Server::

Reviewer: JVM - Thread Count

Author: ```suggestion
JVM Thread Count - Server::
```

> The number of simultaneous requests for a worker over time.

Reviewer: The average number of threads of the JVM, grouped by worker in automatic intervals. The JVM used in this chart is the Mule runtime JVM process.

<< copy from Overview for the same chart >>

The usage metrics for Java memory space.

Code Cache graphs (Used, Max, Init, Committed)::
The usage metrics for the Code Cache pool.

Compressed Class Space graphs (Used, Max, Init, Committed)::
The usage metrics for values of the metadata for compressed class pointers.

Committed Virtual Memory::
The amount of virtual memory guaranteed to be available to the running process.

[[infrastructure-charts]]
== Infrastructure

The following charts appear on the *Infrastructure* dashboard:

Application Process CPU Load::
The amount of CPU load the JVM uses.

JVM CPU Time::
The cumulative CPU time consumed by the JVM.

Operating System Swap Space::
The amount of memory the system is swapping, grouped by worker in automatic intervals.

CPU Utilization %::
The percentage of CPU used by each worker over time.

Memory Utilization::
The amount of memory used by each worker over time.

Total System Processors::
The number of system processors for workers available over time.

Total System Memory::
The amount of system memory available for workers over time. If you have a Titanium subscription and the selected application is hybrid, this graph changes to *System Memory*.

> System Memory::

Author: ```suggestion
```

> The total free system memory per worker. This graph appears only if you have a Titanium subscription and the selected application is hybrid.

Author: ```suggestion
```
